fix(CBR): fixup cbr vaults by tags (#7181)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/cbr_vaults_by_tags.md

---
subcategory: "Cloud Backup and Recovery (CBR)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_cbr_vaults_by_tags"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to get available CBR vaults filtered by tags within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to get CBR vaults filtered by tags within HuaweiCloud.
```

---

# huaweicloud_cbr_vaults_by_tags

Use this data source to get available CBR vaults filtered by tags within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_cbr_vaults_by_tags" "test" {
  action = "filter"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of enterprise project.

* `action` - (Required, String) Specifies the action name. Possible values are **count** and **filter**.
  + **count**: querying count of data filtered by tags.
  + **filter**: querying details of data filtered by tags.

* `without_any_tag` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether ignore tags params.
  If this parameter is set to **true**, all resources without tags are queried.

>   In this case, `the tag`, `not_tags`, `tags_any`, and `not_tags_any` fields are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case,  the `tag`, `not_tags`, `tags_any`, and `not_tags_any` fields are ignored.
```

* `tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of included tags. Backups with these tags will be filtered.
  The [tags](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

* `tags_any` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of tags. Backups with any tags in this list will be filtered.
  The [tags_any](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

* `not_tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of excluded tags. Backups without these tags will be filtered.
  The [not_tags](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

* `not_tags_any` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of tags. Backups without any tags in this list will be filtered.
  The [not_tags_any](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

-> For arguments above, include `tags` `tags_any` `not_tags` `not_tags_any`, have limits as follows:

>   <br/>1.This list cannot be an empty list.
>   <br/>2.The list can contain up to `10` keys.
>   <br/>3.Keys in this list must be unique.
>   <br/>4.If no tag filtering condition is specified, full data is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <br/>1. This list cannot be an empty list.
  <br/>2. The list can contain up to `10` keys.
  <br/>3. Keys in this list must be unique.
  <br/>4. If no tag filtering condition is specified, full data is returned.
```

* `sys_tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the system tags.
  The [sys_tags](#sys_tags_struct) structure is documented below.

  -> The sys_tags has limits as follows:

>     <br/>1.Only users with the op_service permission can obtain this field.

Reviewer: ditto

    <br/>2.Field `sys_tags` and tag filter conditions (`tags` `tags_any` `not_tags` `not_tags_any`)
    cannot be used at the same time.
    <br/>3.If no `sys_tags` exists, use other tag APIs for filtering. If no tag filter is specified, full data is returned.
    <br/>4.This list cannot be an empty list.

* `matches` - (Optional, List) Specifies the matches supported by resources. Keys in this list must be unique.
  Only one key is supported currently. Multiple-key support will be available later.
  The [matches](#matches_struct) structure is documented below.

* `cloud_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies cloud type of the instances. Possible values are:
  + **public**: public cloud.
  + **hybrid**: hybrid cloud.

* `object_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies resource type of the instances. Possible values are:
  + **server**: elastic cloud server.
  + **disk**: elastic volume server.

<a name="tags_struct"></a>
The `tags` block supports:

> * `key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the key of the resource tag. It contains a maximum of `127` unicode characters.

Reviewer: The API document description the field is `Ruquired`.
please check other fields carefully.

    <br/>6.If this list is left blank, it indicates that all values are included.
    <br/>7.The asterisk (*) is a reserved character in the system.
    If the value starts with (*), it indicates that fuzzy match is performed based on the value following (*).
    The value cannot contain only asterisks.

<a name="sys_tags_struct"></a>
The `sys_tags` block supports:

* `key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the key of the system tag,
  which is obtained from the whitelist and cannot be defined  randomly.
  Currently, only the **_sys_enterprise_project_id** field is supported,
  and the corresponding value indicates the enterprise project ID.

* `values` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of values. Currently, only the enterprise project ID is used.
  The default enterprise project ID is `0`.

<a name="matches_struct"></a>
The `matches` block supports:

* `key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the key of the resource tag.
  A key can only be set to **resource_name**, indicating the resource name.

* `value` - (Optional, String) Specifies the value of the resource tag.
  A value consists of up to `255` characters.

>   If key is **resource_name**, an empty string indicates exact match and any non-empty string indicates fuzzy match.

Reviewer: can you test the API?

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `total_count` - The total number of matched resources.

> * `resources` - List of matched resources. This parameter is not displayed if `action` is set to **count**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resources` - List of matched resources.
```

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of enterprise project.

Reviewer: The fields order is `Required` first, then `Optional`.

  The [not_tags_any](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

> -> For arguments above, include `tags` `tags_any` `not_tags` `not_tags_any`, have limits as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> For arguments above, include `tags`, `tags_any`, `not_tags`, `not_tags_any` have limits as follows:
```

  <br/>1. This list cannot be an empty list.
  <br/>2. The list can contain up to `10` keys.
  <br/>3. Keys in this list must be unique.
  <br/>4. If no tag filtering condition is specified, full data is returned.

* `sys_tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the system tags.
  The [sys_tags](#sys_tags_struct) structure is documented below.

  -> The sys_tags has limits as follows:
    <br/>1. Only users with the op_service permission can obtain this field.

>     <br/>2. Field `sys_tags` and tag filter conditions (`tags` `tags_any` `not_tags` `not_tags_any`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <br/>2. Field `sys_tags` and tag filter conditions (`tags`, `tags_any`, `not_tags`, `not_tags_any`)
```

    <br/>1. The list can contain up to `10` values.
    <br/>2. A tag value contains up to `255` unicode characters. Spaces before and after a key will be deprecated.
    <br/>3. Values in this list must be unique.
    <br/>4. Values in this list are in an OR relationship.
    <br/>5. This list can be empty and each value can be an empty character string.
    <br/>6. If this list is left blank, it indicates that all values are included.
    <br/>7. The asterisk (*) is a reserved character in the system.
    If the value starts with (*), it indicates that fuzzy match is performed based on the value following (*).
    The value cannot contain only asterisks.

<a name="sys_tags_struct"></a>
The `sys_tags` block supports:

* `key` - (Required, String) Specifies the key of the system tag,
  which is obtained from the whitelist and cannot be defined  randomly.
  Currently, only the **_sys_enterprise_project_id** field is supported,
  and the corresponding value indicates the enterprise project ID.

* `values` - (Required, List) Specifies the list of values. Currently, only the enterprise project ID is used.
  The default enterprise project ID is `0`.

> <a name="matches_struct"></a>

Reviewer: The API description the field struct(`key`, `value`) is `Required`.

* `resource_detail` - The detail of the matched resources.
  The [resource_detail](#cbr_vaults_resources_detail) structure is documented below.

> * `tags` - The tag list. If there is no tag, an empty array is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - The tag list.
```

<a name="cbr_vaults_resource_detail_vault"></a>
The `vault` block supports:

* `id` - The vault ID.

* `name` - The vault name.

> * `description` - The user-defined vault description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - The vault description.
```

* `provider_id` - The ID of the vault resource type.

* `resources` - The attributes of all vault resources.
  The [resources](#cbr_vaults_resource_detail_vault_resources) structure is documented below.

* `tags` - The list of all tags for resources.
  The [tags](#cbr_vaults_tags) structure is documented below.

> * `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID. Its default value is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID.
```

> * `auto_bind` - The indicator whether automatic association is enabled. Its default value is false (not enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto_bind` - Whether automatic association is enabled. Defaults to **false**.
```

* `bind_rules` - The association rule.
  The [bind_rules](#cbr_vaults_resource_detail_vault_bind_rules) structure is documented below.

* `user_id` - The user ID.

* `created_at` - The creation time.

> * `auto_expand` - The indicator whether to enable auto capacity expansion for the vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto_expand` - Whether to enable auto capacity expansion for the vault.
```

  Only pay-per-use vaults support auto capacity expansion.

> * `smn_notify` - The exception notification function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `smn_notify` - Whether enabled SMN message notification.
```

* `threshold` - The vault capacity threshold. If the vault capacity usage exceeds this threshold, an exception
  notification is sent.

* `sys_lock_source_service` - The identifier for the SMB service. You can set it to SMB or leave it empty.

> * `locked` - The indicator whether the vault is locked. A locked vault cannot be unlocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `locked` - Whether the vault is locked. A locked vault cannot be unlocked.
```

* `billing` - The operation info.
  The [billing](#cbr_vaults_resource_detail_vault_billing) structure is documented below.

<a id="cbr_vaults_resource_detail_vault_resources"></a>
The `resources` block supports:

* `id` - The ID of the resource to be backed up.

* `type` - The resource type. Possible values are **OS::Nova::Server**, **OS::Cinder::Volume**,
  **OS::Ironic::BareMetalServer**, **OS::Native::Server**, **OS::Sfs::Turbo** or **OS::Workspace::DesktopV2**.

* `name` - The name of the resource to be backed up.

* `protect_status` - The protection status.

* `size` - The allocated capacity for the associated resource, in GB.

> * `backup_size` - The backup size in GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `backup_size` - The backup size, in GB.
```

  + **crash_consistent**: crash consistent backup.
  + **app_consistent**: application consistency backup.

* `object_type` - The object type. Possible values are: **server**, **disk**, **turbo**, **workspace**,
  **vmware**, **rds** and **file**.

* `order_id` - The order ID.

* `product_id` - The product ID.

* `protect_type` - The protection type. Possible values are: **backup** and **replication**

* `size` - The capacity, in GB.

* `spec_code` - The product specification code.

  -> Possible values as follows:

>     <br/> Specification codeServer backup vault: **vault**, **backup**, **server**, **normal**.

Reviewer: check the description.
Cloud service backup vault: **vault.backup.server.normal**?
